Adding pyproject.toml configuration output to verbose logging (#3392)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

<!-- Changes to Black's terminal output and error messages -->

> - Adding pyproject.toml configuration output to verbose logging (#3392)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verbose logging now shows the values of `pyproject.toml` configuration variables (#3392)
```

> - Verbose logging now shows the values of `pyproject.toml` configuration variables (#3392)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verbose logging now shows the values of `pyproject.toml` configuration variables
  (#3392)
```
